https://bit.ly/2Ny0Rqr - our slideshow presented by Han and Alex.
Advice given for memefly - survey results may show sampling bias, there should be a
	"neutral" option in difficulty. Parker - "I hope the web team will be able to
	make the final product feel fresh." There is a lot of selling to be done.
	Keep hiring managers in mind; the thought processes involved are more important
	than the end product. Demonstrate skill set. Ends = means.
	Parker was hoping to see more PVD. PVD should give the next team a good starting
	point if our whole team dies. Bus factor.

Startup grant database - Ben Griffin presenting. Building upon previous work, working 
	with venture capitalists. App aims to be a one-stop-shop for investors.
	CEO's vision is similar to a subreddit, with a list of investment opportunities.
	CEO wants a re-facing on administrator views. We added a favorites page.
	Working with material UI to make the admin table. Using cheerio for data 
	scraping. 
	Parker - what are your assumptions, what questions do you have for them?
	How do we redesign the API to route admins differently than users?
	Most user research will be in the moderator function. 
	Parker - are you confident in your next steps?
	- Yes.

Best places to live - Devin Bielejec presenting. Objective: find personalized optimum
	living locations.
	Current app - sparse. Limit scope of customers to recent graduates in tech.
	Make app more personalized and interractive. 
	Prior lab group used react and node pretty heavily.
	Not much use for ML data science here, sample sizes far too low. 
	Parker - find new datasets that could help. Maybe coordinate with the Yelp group?
	Analyzing sentiment of location-based social media posts could be a good task for DS.	

Tagger - Dixie Jones presenting. Objective: access anything in your email in a personal way.
	Hopefully categorize search targets by subject - birthdays, work, etc.
	Competitors - superhuman, edison, june.ai(not yet released) - are not content focussed an easily searchable.
	Doing interviews - 7 total so far.
	Backend - nodejs probably because it's flexible, but might struggle with bigger data.
	Database - SQL
	DS - NLP for user searching and topic modeling for taggging.
	Parker - 1. Boring, but I could see how you were thinking about the problems.
	2. Plugin or standalone? Most likely standalone, but possible routes are many. 

Conference Contacts - Tyler Nishida presenting. Objective: share contacts quickly in-person, learn about peers in
	a conference, maintain contact relationships, integrate with existing services.
	Research - who's the user? Most people have had problems staying in touch with people at a conference.
		- most people prefer to exchange emails
	Conference industry - $330bil/year, 1.2 mil jobs
	Parker - QR codes have been useful, maybe NFC/bluetooth automatic contacting?
	Competitors - Whova, Covve(too difficult, too feature rich, most similar to our goal), socio (made for organizers)
	Architecture details - Backend: Node, express, Knex DB: PostgressQL API's: RESTAPI Monetization?: Stripe
		-Frontend: React, Redux, Apollo for frameworks; Custom design and Sass for styling
		-iOS: Mapkit, CoreLocation, Vision, PassKit, Social, and more stuff
	Parker: No questions, good documentation on PVD.  